Clarify AI policy for delegated PR updates (#191276)
pytorch/pytorch: AI_POLICY.md

be accompanied by human commentary explaining its relevance. For example:
"Codex produced the following analysis: `<insert codex output here>`, so I
believe that \<insert human analysis here\>". The only exceptions to this rule

> are the pytorchbot automations and the draft pull request workflow described
> below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are the pytorchbot automations and draft pull request you opened. Changing a PR from
draft to ready is a meaningful action where a human must validate PR description, content
and state.
```

and that the code is high quality. AI-generated code can sometimes be overly
complex, indirect, inconsistent, or include artifacts that obscure the main idea.
Before submitting, simplify where possible and make sure the core change is easy

> for maintainers to review. An AI tool may create and update a draft PR before
> the human has read every change. It may also make small fixes for CI, test, or
> lint failures on any open PR, including one already reviewed. An unreviewed
> agent-created PR must disclose this and remain a draft, and all follow-up fixes
> must be reviewed before merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for maintainers to review. An AI tool may create and update a draft PR before
the human has read every change. An unreviewed agent-created PR must disclose
this and remain a draft.
```
